new coalignment api (first draft) (#207)
sunpy/sunkit-image: docs/code_ref/coalignment.rst

Coalignment Package
*******************

> ``sunpy.coalignment`` provides routines to perform coalignment of solar images. The main entry point is the ``coalign`` function, which accepts a reference map, a target map, and a specified method
> for coalignment. This method returns a new map with updated metadata reflecting the applied affine transformations, such as scaling, rotation, and translation. 
> The module supports various transformation methods registered via the ``register_coalignment_method`` decorator, allowing for flexible coalignment strategies based on the specific needs of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunkit_image.coalignment` provides routines to perform coalignment of solar images. 

The main entry point is the `~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalign` function, which accepts a reference map, a target map, and a specified method for coalignment.
This method returns a new map with updated metadata reflecting the applied affine transformations, such as scaling, rotation, and translation. 

The module supports various transformation methods registered via the `~sunkit_image.coalignment.decorators.register_coalignment_method` decorator, allowing for flexible coalignment strategies based on the specific needs of the data.
```
